Hello Jin Qiang
What's wrong, Ye Xian is not good?
Joined us at the bottom of the palace
All five platforms just sent money to make an appointment.
Otherwise, I always dream of living together
termination
Why, as far as I know
They were all in danger from He Xiaoze
I will not terminate our contract
What kind of comprehensive blow will it take?
He Xiaoze
It's He Xiaoze again
Really courting death
Okay, now what?
No platform
Then let's build a platform
But
The funding required to build a platform is not a novel
And the new platform has no stars.
No traffic.
If there is no larger amount of money to pull the bottom
Can't survive
Leave the money to me
How about you, live stream well.
Is Xiaoxian alright?
Yeah.
Since He Xiaoze wants to play
Then Xiao Ming, I will play with him to the end
Mr. Ye appears
Ye
Is there a leaf money missing?
Hurry up and invite him in, senior brother
Oops, Ye Shiyi
Don't be so polite
Come, please take a seat
Brother Ye came to me today
Did something happen?
Brother Chen
Tell the truth
I have established a new live broadcast company here.
Was targeted by He Xiaoze
Now all live broadcast platforms have taught me for a few months.
I'm in desperate need of some money for advertising
This is not
Trouble brother again
Okay, got it.
50 billion not much